Add react-tag-names to "related" section (#7)
wooorm/html-tag-names: readme.md

    — List of MathML tags
*   [`svg-tag-names`](https://github.com/wooorm/svg-tag-names)
    — List of SVG tags
*   [`react-tag-names`](https://github.com/jgierer12/react-tag-names)

>     — List of React's HTML and SVG tag names

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    — List of React’s HTML and SVG tag names
```

Author: Sure :+1:
